Update mgt api documentation and include examples (#883)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/experiment/apis/management-api/index.md

---
title: Management API
description: REST API for managing feature flags and experiment configurations.
toplevel: true
---

The Experiment management API can be used to programmatically create and control flags and experiments.

## Endpoints

| <div class="big-column">API</div> | Description |
| --- | --- |

> |[Flag Apis](flags.md)| Flag APIs to create, edit, and display flags, and their properties.  |
> |[Experiment Apis](experiments.md)| Experiment APIs to create, edit, and display experiments, and their properties.  |
> |[Deployment Apis](deployments.md)| Deployment APIs to create, edit, and display deployments that flags or experiments can be assigned to. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Flag APIs](flags.md)| Flag APIs to create, edit, and display flags, and their properties.  |
|[Experiment APIs](experiments.md)| Experiment APIs to create, edit, and display experiments, and their properties.  |
|[Deployment APIs](deployments.md)| Deployment APIs to create, edit, and display deployments that flags or experiments can be assigned to. |
```

---

> title: Management API Endpoints

Reviewer: Title should be `Management API`

| Limit (requests) | Duration |
| --- | --- |
| 100 | 1 second |
| 100000 | Daily. Daily limits is reset at the end of the day UTC time. |

## Regions

| Region | Endpoint |
| --- | --- |
| Standard Server | [https://experiment.amplitude.com](https://experiment.amplitude.com) |
| EU Residency Server | [https://experiment.eu.amplitude.com](https://experiment.eu.amplitude.com) |

## Conventions

### Status codes

The API uses meaningful status codes to communicate the result of requests.

| Code | Meaning |
| --- | --- |
| 200 | Success! |
| 400 | Input is missing or invalid |
| 401 | Invalid or revoked API key |
| 403 | API key doesn't have access to the specified environment |
| 429 |Too many requests |

### Cursors

Endpoints that list resources such as `/experiments` will only return a limited number of items per request. To fetch the next page of items, the `nextCursor` value returned from the first request must be passed as the `cursor` parameter of the next request. In this way multiple requests can be chained together to fetch the total set of items.

------

[Flag Apis](flags.md)

------

[Experiment Apis](experiments.md)

------

[Deployment Apis](deployments.md)

> ------

Reviewer: This should be a table under a header with two columns, API and Description.

E.g.

```
## Endpoints

|API|Description|
...
```

Also please move this to the first subheader, as it is the most important to navigate from.

> !!!warning "Using Beta version is not recommended. Use versioned APIs instead."
> 
> !!!tip "Our versioned API is fully backwards compatible and does not introduce any breaking changes; simply update the request url."
> 
> [Endpoints Beta](api-beta.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!!info "Beta API Migration"
    If you're currently using the [Beta API](api-beta.md), please update to use the new API URL domain (`experiment.amplitude.com` and path prefix` /api/1`). 
```

Then move this to the top of the page to make it more visible.
